fix: eagerly initialise dynamic env vars from `process.env` at module-eval time (#16303)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/60-appendix/35-migrating-to-sveltekit-3.md

- `builder.mkdirp` and `builder.rimraf` are deprecated in favour of `node:fs` methods
- `builder.generateManifest` has been removed — use `builder.generateServerInstance` to replace it, and `builder.manifest` to access the manifest

#### Server instrumentation

Adapters that use `builder.instrument` must now generate an environment initializer before any

> bundling or tracing step, include the returned module in that step, and pass its final path to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adapters that use `builder.instrument` must now generate an environment initializer before any
bundling step, include the returned module as an entrypoint in that step, and pass its final path to
```
Am I understanding this correctly? `builder.instrument` would be the tracing step, right?

Author: Yeah correct
